Migration from Semantic Kernel to Microsoft Agent Framework (#14)
marcgs/lob-agent-evaluation: docs/architecture/support-ticket-chatbot-architecture.md

The `SupportTicketAgent` class serves as the main orchestrator for the chatbot system:

- Manages the conversation with users via the `chat()` method
- Maintains conversation history using Agent Framework's `AgentThread`
- Handles function calls from the LLM responses
- Provides utilities for conversation management (e.g., starting over)

### Agent Factory

The `agent_factory.py` module is responsible for creating and configuring the agent:

- Creates an Agent Framework ChatAgent with Azure OpenAI integration

> - Loads and registers all necessary tools using `@ai_function` decorators

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Loads and registers all necessary tools by importing python functions and methods
```

For more details on the conversation workflow, refer to the [workflow diagrams](/docs/architecture/support-ticket-workflow.md).

### Tools System

The chatbot uses a modular tools architecture for business logic:

> **Note:** In this sample, all tools use mocked services with in-memory data storage for demonstration purposes. A production implementation would replace these with connectors to your actual enterprise systems.

#### Ticket Management Tools

- Core functions: `create_support_ticket`, `get_support_ticket`, `update_support_ticket`, `search_tickets`
- Manages the lifecycle of support tickets with validation and storage

> - Each function is annotated with `@ai_function` and detailed parameter descriptions for the LLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each function is annotated with detailed parameter descriptions for the LLM
```

The system is designed for extensibility:

> 1. **Add New Tools**: Create new Python functions with `@ai_function` decorators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Add New Tools**: Create new Python functions or class methods and register them with LLM Agent
```
